Admin & Moder team maintain server. They are watch dogs. They're actions cannot be criticized. Although you can appeal your any not fair to you action by moder team

Not knowing these rules DO NOT exempt from liability! As is revenge too!


1. World

1.1 Grief. Grief is actions directed to another player like destroying his home or any blocks on his territory. Also changing redstone contraptions or killing any mobs.
Violation of this rule will cause temp ban from 2 to 14 days. Heavy violation can cause permanent ban.

1.2 Another players territory. Any players can walk at other players territories. Although you are prohibited to set home point at somebody's territory and use their farms or any contraptions.
Violating this rule can cause ban from 2 days up to 1 month. 

1.3 Unethical builds. Players can build this sort of builds, but only on their territory. Otherwise it will be deleted. Also sign posts with insults of other players will be threated as Player Insult.
Violation of this rule can cause ban from 2 to 7 days.

1.4 Indents.  Players can build and live on any territory, but if it is not occupied by another player, if it is you must make minimum indent from another players build in 500+ blocks away. 
Violation of this rule can cause destroying of your building by player that own territory.


2. Server & Discord chat, VK group posts/comments

2.1 Insulting in ANY form is prohibited!
Violating this rule can cause ban from 2 days up to 1 month.

2.2 Flood or spamming is prohibited!
Violating this rule will result in Warning, second time will result in mute for 1 day.  

2.3 Advertising. Advertising another projects or any sort of goods/services is prohibited!
Violation of this rule will cause for first time kick+mute for 1 day. Second time will result in permanent range-ban.
     
2.4 Begging for resources from any player or moder team is prohibited!
Violation of this rule will cause mute from 1 hour up to 1 day.


3. Game rules

3.1 Illegal PVP. Illegal PVP is killing another player without his accept to fight.
Violation of this rule will cause 1 day of ban.

3.2 Stealing. Stealing from players, they're cenotaphs, shulker boxes, any non privated chests is prohibited, unless these "public" chest or shulkers is placed in common place like spawn or intended to be not private.
Violation of this rule will cause ban from 5 days up to permanent.

3.3 Fraud. Denial to fulfill a trade agreement after taking any good from another players is threaten as Fraud.
Violation of this rule will cause ban from 1 day up to 1 month.
 
3.4 Cheats. Almost any external software that give you advantage is prohibited! Schematica, Mini-Maps, FullBright is fine to use.
Violation of this rule will cause ban from 2 days up to permanent.

3.5 Incitement to make people actions that violate rules is prohibited!
Violation of this rule will cause permanent ban forever.

3.6 Nick's that contain any strong language or insult another players is prohibited!
Violation of this rule will cause permanent ban. Second violation will cause permanent range-ban.

3.7 Redstone contraptions and hoppers. Players can build any farms any size, although if these farms is drop server tps they are prohibited to use if on server playing more than 3 players. To prevent farm to load in active chunks, place your huge farms away from your home where you permanently live.
Warning! If you are cannot see your farm it is not a sign that farm is not loaded in active chunks. Even if you have 4 chunk distance, server will load anyway 6 chunks in every side, not less, not more.
Violation of this rule for first time will result in demand to remove farm or decrease load from it. Second time will result in destroying your farm by admin.


4. Special rules

4.1 Relapse. Intentional actions that violate rules will double punishment timings

4.2 Special casualty. Complex punishment if it needed. Result in combined punishment timings.

4.3 Mushroom Islands. Because on server map is only one main mushroom island, players is prohibited to own this island and destroying it. Although players can collect a few blocks of mycelium to make their of island in any place they're want. Admin can help you to change biome to make it real mushroom island.

4.4 Do not make moder Persephone angry.
Violation of this rule will cause butthurt of Persephone, that can cause "unseen consciences".

P.S. Players maintain they're safety by their own! If somebody violate rules from your account - it will be your fault!
Use strong passwords that contain letters of upper and low register, symbols and numbers. And for sale of the god, DO NOT use same passwords on every server. They're intended to be unique and strong
